Task 1:
Create a function to say whether a string is symmetric (a palindrome). For example, "RADAR" is a palindrome. hint try using recursion.

Task 2:
Create a function which returns the greatest value stored in an array of real numbers which is specified as parameter.

Task 3:
Create a two function that calculates the amount of numeric digits and vowels(samoglaski) that a text string contains.
It will accept one parameter parameter: the string that we want to search,
Function 1 should return the number of digits, function 2 should return the number of vowels. Do not name them function1 and 2 :)

Task 4:
Create a function to read a sentence and replace lowercase characters by uppercase and vice-versa.

Task 5:
Create a function to check whether a character is an alphabet and not and if so, go to check for the case.

Task 6:
Create a function to find the number of times a substring appears in a given string.

Task 7:
Create a function that calculates the result of raising an integer to another integer (eg 5 raised to 3 = 53 = 5 × 5 × 5 = 125). This function must be created recursively.

Task 8:
Create a function to take one parameter n and calculate what day of the week is n days from this moment.

Task 9:
Create a function to take one parameter n to display the date of past n years from current date and to tell what day it was. The parameter should not be larger that 20.

Task 10: 
Create a program(game) Guess the number.
The game should be a Console application.
Game rules are for limited tries to guess the number that is randomly generated between two end points.

When the game start it should ask the user for difficulty.
- Easy 
	- In easy mode user should have 9 tries to guess the number between 0-100.
- Normal
	- In normal mode user should have 7 tries to guess the number between 0-500.
- Hard
	- In hard mode user should have 5 tries to guess the number between 0-1000.

Every guess should give the user hint if it is close and also should display the number that the user last entered.
example
If the number that should be guessed is 10 and the user enters 18 it should print out "Your guess is far to high, number entered: 18".
If the number that should be guessed is 10 and the user enters 2 it should print out "Your guess is far to low, number entered: 2".
If the number that should be guessed is 10 and the user enters 7 it should print out "Your guess is a little bit lower, number entered: 7".
If the number that should be guessed is 10 and the user enters 13 it should print out "Your guess is a little bit higher, number entered: 13".
If the number that should be guessed is 10 and the user enters 10 it should print out "Nailed it. number entered: 10".
You can add your kind of notifications if you like.

Based on how fast the user guessed the number it should display a proper title and the number that should be guessed.
example
If user nails it on the first try it should print out "Lucky guess.".
If user did not guess the number it should print out "Try again".

Optional: Give the user a chance to restart the game(ex Press 1 to start a new game, press 2 to quit game) without starting the project from scratch.
